# 3.0 The Project Proposal

## Description
TextBooked is a student to student textbook buying and selling application. At first, the application will be specific to Loyola Marymount University students. LMU students will be able to post a book that they are selling with information such as condition, teacher, class, and price. Other students will be able to go to the application and view all books that are being sold as well as search for books that they would like to purchase. Once they have found a book they would like to purchase, they can tell the original poster that they are interested and the two can meet up on campus to do the exchange. The application will be built using Swift and iOS. A similar application exists as a web application (student2student.com), but I would like to take this concept and create an iOS application that is specific to LMU students.

## Justification
This project is a good culmination of everything I have learned throughout the computer science curriculum at Loyola Marymount University. It requires frontend, backend, and database work. It also allows me to learn iOS application development using Swift, which I have not had the opportunity to learn thus far. In this regard, it is both a culmination of my computer science degree, and an extension. The main classes that I will be pulling from in this project will be Interaction Design, Computer Programming, and Databases. I am confident that I possess the tools to complete this project within the semester and that I will be able to complete necessary research in completing the parts of the project for which I am not completely prepared already. 
